welcome everyone to the description you already
understand what will be discussed let's
let's start this clock
each component is
bench
so here it is called here and the model points
Now I will try here 10-15 cm and 10-15
This means that the watch was bought for
comparisons here with this watch kill and
key
Well, sort of like the reviews company
good skmei
how would she move forward now reviews
good ones
make good watches
as if, but I chose this
model poke rubber strap
such here are holograms to here what
numerical show here so here they are
we
Well, the protective film is still red
strip on the wedge and such a hologram
points too, all on these cogs
or samorezika hryunova like that here
mounted back cover which is of
stainless steel made here here too
such screws or bolts
there is no glass here is more accurate
not natural glass principle this is not
interferes
why is this not a logo written with this
sides and from this side it is written here
so that's 50 meters that is roughly speaking
not too waterproof less than these
Well, this watch is also cheaper as it were
then there are several 10-15 few
modifications
There is a modification that is completely
black dial
well there is one thing but i saw them kept in
hands
When buying this watch there is one thing but
there if on a bright day
then roughly it is necessary constantly
use of illumination on light Chikoy
little screen here you can see here you
see yes everything is clearly visible without
all kinds of highlights Illumination
by the way here is very interesting such
I like her
show hour glow only numbers here
So
that is, not all wounds from the figure so here they are
glow well and still a lot
Highlighted arrows that is to say
here is a double 2 like a double clock
here by the arrow
clock shows seconds
minutes hours and electronically
but electronic watch here is more
simpler simpler in what plan means
here we have in these hours by
electronic clock functionality
seconds month day show
and the day of the week is further here
stopwatch further here there is an alarm clock yes
and in general, everything is here down here
strip on it can be set
sound hentai tie the private signal and
enable alarm
show well, of course time
12-24
that is, you can put 12 can be 24
Here are such a watch so call and
now look and technical
specifications
so let's take a closer look at them now
it means the watch is completely black
as well as the strap and everything except
dial dial and here these
the cogs they stand out along with
inscriptions have a crown
crown pretty easy
open and pretty easy
what do i say
about
waterproof next buttons
pressed in medium hardness is not necessary
say what they were bought for
be visually and according to my characteristics
arrange and this clock and this one
clock
i just want to do something between them
specific choice and hold some
Tests such therefore took as if two pairs
these are watches that those that roughly
budget class they are cheap so
2 models were bought approximately
at the same time there is plus or minus several
days and want to spend small
experiments with them which me more
will arrange well, naturally shot the video and
listen to your advice
so we took we see what I choose
that is, so here is a short video with
general reference hours
today we had in general everything to everyone
thank you all good luck see you